chore: add review suggestions for video game project (#38)
ShaunSHamilton/web3: .freeCodeCamp/tooling/locales/english/build-a-video-game-marketplace-blockchain.md

### --description--

For this project, you need to create a blockchain for a video game marketplace where you can buy items from and sell items to the game.

> Work within the `build-a-video-game-marketplace` folder. In there, you are started with some boilerplate code and files. You should not need to change any of the boilerplate code.

Author: ```suggestion
Work within the `build-a-video-game-marketplace` folder, where you are started with some boilerplate code and files. You should not need to change any of the boilerplate code.
```
